Fix a11y hit test hover rectangles (#774)
browserengineering/book: book/embeds.md

        return node
```

Hit testing should now work, but the bounds of the hovered node when drawn
to the screen are still wrong. For that, we'll need a method that returns

> the absolute screen rect of an `AccessibilityNode`. And that method in turn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the absolute screen position of an `AccessibilityNode`. And that method in turn
```

Author: It's actually a rect, not a position.

> needs parent pointers so we can walk up the tree, so let's add that first:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
needs parent pointers to walk up the accessibility tree, so let's add that first:
```

``` {.python}
class AccessibilityNode:
    def __init__(self, node, parent = None):
        # ...
        self.parent = parent

    def build_internal(self, child_node):
        # ...
            child = FrameAccessibilityNode(child_node, self)
        else:
            child = AccessibilityNode(child_node, self)
```

And now the method to map to absolute coordinates:

``` {.python}
class AccessibilityNode:
    def absolute_bounds(self):
        rect = skia.Rect.MakeXYWH(
            self.bounds.x(), self.bounds.y(),
            self.bounds.width(), self.bounds.height())
        obj = self
        while obj:
            obj.map_to_parent(rect)
            obj = obj.parent
        return rect
```

> This method depends calls `map_to_parent` to adjust the bounds. For

Author: ```suggestion
This method depends on calls `map_to_parent` to adjust the bounds. For
```

> This method does nothing until we've defined `map_to_parent` of course, and
> that does nothing for most accessibility nodes (because they are in the same
> coordinate space of their parent):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method depends calls `map_to_parent` to adjust the bounds. For
 most accessibility nodes we don't need to do anything, because they are in the same
coordinate space as their parent:
```

``` {.python}
class AccessibilityNode:
    def map_to_parent(self, rect):
        pass
```

> But not for a `FrameAccessibilityNode`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `FrameAccessibilityNode`, on the other hand, adjusts for the iframe's position:
```
